used to make benefits feel part of the value that employees get for coming to work. So a lot of focus, I know, is spent on employee value proposition. And candidly, a lot of it is.
promises, and it's, as I put here, abstract ideas, it's intangible things of, like, when you come to work, it feels like this, and we're like this, and this is all the wonderful stuff that we do. Benefits, in my mind, is.
It's the receipt. It's the proof in the pudding. Okay, these are the things that people can actually use that demonstrate that value that they can rely on when they need them. So they're real. They're the tangible bit of an Evp.
But often they're kind of the bit that's just kept in the shadows, because we'd much rather talk about, um, what it feels like to work here, and what an incredible culture we've got, and how wonderful careers and talent are. All of those things, don't get me wrong, all of those things are incredibly important.
But benefits kind of give the EVP teeth, but only if.
They know what they are, and they understand what's there.
I bet you didn't ever think you'd see a slide with the film 7.
A shop at Toys R Us and Steve Jobs on.
You are correct, sir. No, never thought that.
This might be the only slide that's ever existed, but the… it was first point, work left to right. You've seen the film seven infamous scene at the end. What's in the box?
Yes, love it.
Everyone knows what's in the box. And you never see what's in the box, but it's kind of my way of getting people to think about, like.
Evp. your unique box. You have to open it up. We have to pull out all of these things that are in the box, lay them out in a way that we can make sense of.
is the is the unique collection of these things in our box.
worth shouting about. What are the elements of them that make us genuinely unique and which of them are table stakes? We have to entry point define what's in our box. The second piece, which is the Toys R Us analogy, you know, they're their strap line, which I won't sing.
It was everything under one roof, right? So you instinctively know, and I know that a bit of a decline recently, but when I was growing up, you instinctively know if you wanted a toy, go to Toys R Us, because it's all there.
But they never organized things by manufacturer. They organized things by product or by age, or by they organize it in ways that meet my needs. So I can go there. I can navigate my way around. So define what's in the box and organize it in a sensible way that people can.
make use of. And then there's this calm, confident, reassuring way of promoting it. You don't always have to be loud and brash to get the message across. But once you've got absolute clarity on what your Evp is.
be confident about delivering it in a really confident, compelling way in exactly the same way suave Mr. Jobs would have stands on stage, holds his audience. This is our value. Let's… let's go. I'll skip… skip through this, because I know you wanted to talk about this.
Yeah, just real quick. One of the issues that we have heard over and over is, I don't have the tools to effectively communicate.
And so we launched in January, just a few months ago. We offer many different versions of internal communication software, but this is now free.
So for those teams that have budgets my issue.
Mm-hmm.
Once you understand the delivery and how you do that, how you target it, how it looks, all of it, the time it takes, we talked about time. If that was simpler, and we could create more compelling messaging, we're going to have a better return.
Hmm.
on our investment. And so we started offering our foundations plan.
for free. There's no setup fee, there's no credit card, no contract. You could go sign up today and start using this within your organization.
absolutely free, tied to your people data. Um, so that's there. We'll have a link after the fact, but we have still a couple more slides to get to, so.
I love that. The speed in which we can get to people.
There's that back to you.
the regularity in which we can get to people, all of that, I think, is incredibly important. And, you know, there are still, uh… organizations out there struggling to put basic design on emails.
basic measurement on emails. And again, that makes me sad.
Don't be sad. We'll fix it. There we go. There we go.
that in. I hopeful. Makes me hopeful of a brighter future. I know this is incredibly overplayed sentiment, but what gets measured gets done in benefit communication is exact… is exactly the right, um… right way. I'm going to skip past the second poll, because I do want to make sure we kind of wrap up on time, but I was interested in knowing from the audience how currently communication is measured, so maybe if people want to put some things in the chat that we can.
addressing the last few minutes. That'd be interesting, as opposed to, uh… As opposed to running the poll.
But I I I I feel like we said right at the start, Terek, like sending stuff out on the hope that.
It gets red, and then not being able to demonstrate our value is a almost a false economy, because then when it comes round to budget setting.
prioritize prioritization of effort. It's like, well, we don't really know what we're starting from. We don't know whether we're spending all of this money, and people don't see the things, or people see the things, but don't understand the things, or don't value them. So we have to create.
this benchmark. And there are many ways of doing it, and we've got many dashboards and different examples. But the the… Focus groups, surveys, pulses, lots of different ways of capturing the same data. This is our way of articulating value. How visible is the communication? How accessible is it? How understandable is it? Are people using things? And what's the experience like? We can ask really simple.
a great framework.
questions that get to powering this, then you can break it down by different groups, different audiences, different ages. You can say blimey.
Everyone is clear on what it is. But people don't understand it. So we focus there. Are you going to make fun of me because I use the word blimey? I think you are.
100%, yes.
I could… I could see you, like, what is… he walked into that. He walked into that one.
What are you, a pirate?
But again, the other piece which, you know, we get involved in is the… A-B testing things that have existed in in consumer world for a million years, but don't often show up in internal communication. What happens if we use this subject header? What happens if we use this type of framing? Does it make a noticeable difference?
and how people react to it. We should be… that should just be hardwired into how people… how people are thinking.
of the time. Back to you. Back to you in the studio.
100%. Thank you. So we are shocked when we get people that come to us and they're doing communication, not just about benefits, but about everything, and they have no data.
Mm-hmm.
They do not understand, is it resonating, people opening? What works, what doesn't work? And so this is all, again, included. It's free. There is no gotcha here. This is please use this. It is free.
reporting by audience, so you could easily build an email for one segment of your audience. Make a copy, change it.
Right? You can AB test relatively easily if you wanted to do that.
and then report on what's working, what's not working, have a campaign. So I want to see our 2026 benefits campaign versus 2025. All of that content versus what you did the prior years. Where do you need to work and spend time?
So, again, it's just having the basic data to make better decisions.
Love that free. Outreach, email, free data. Who doesn't love that? Final slide, 25 years. I've been doing this, so 25 years in the making. There are absolutely no shortcuts to benefits, education.
I've tried. There's no innovation, there's no one thing, there's no magic bullet.
The unglamorous planning of what we're saying when we're saying it, how we're saying it.
is as important as the creative work. 100% companies are already paying for benefits. Communication is the difference between whether that's seen internally as an investment or just a cost that we have to pay.
I genuinely believe that. If vendors are louder than you, if vendors are saying more than you, they're getting the credit, they're controlling the narrative. That is a what-watt from my… from my perspective. Um, box ticking tells people exactly what you think of them.
When someone knows that something's been quickly done, or just to tick a box they can feel it.
That doesn't make them feel good. Best communication about benefits doesn't feel like benefit communication at all.
You read it, and then you go, wow, okay, yeah, I've learned something new. I didn't know that before. I'm going to go and check that out. I know instinctively where to go. And the final point, if you can't measure it, you can't defend it. Can't ask me more budget. You can't dedicate resource to it. You can't bring in, um… outside help. So we have to start proving our value. And, as you said brilliantly, there are many ways we can do that.
We could go for hours, couldn't we?
Well said, my friend. We could. Yeah, I think we are literally just scratching the surface. But I want to be respectful of people's time. So, Matt, I do want to sincerely thank you.
100%.
People can get a hold of you. How can they? If they have follow-ups? Give them your website.
Yeah. Yeah, web size ic.partners.
Is that you frozen or me?
It's him. Okay, right. Tarek's frozen. I didn't know whether it was me. If anyone would like to get in touch ic.partners is our web address matt.frost at ic.partners is my email address. We can put all of this.
Um, we can put all of this in the follow-up. Uh, happy to talk to anyone and everyone about this stuff. This has been, uh, in my bones for 25 years. It's something I care deeply about, doing well. Um, so thank you for joining us.
Tarik has disappeared from Newcastle all the way from Newcastle. He's been kicked out. So thank you for joining us. We will follow up as planned.
I will, uh, I'll close the webinar now and uh… Enjoy the rest of your lives.
Thank you very much